This video we're going to see how to set up pay on a Windows machine.
A number of different FGP programs that you can use.
But I'm going to recommend that you use a browser called Firefox and a plug in called Fire FGP once
that's up and running.
I'll show you the reasons why I prefer that particular FTB program.
If you want to use a different one that you're comfortable with them for free.
But if not and follow along in crime will create a new type and then we'll search for Firefox Firefox.
If you haven't heard of it is a browser much like chrome or Internet Explorer and it's freely available
and it's quite widely used.
It's well worth getting comfortable with it because you'll probably be checking back your web sites
to look good on it at some point as well.
So it's a good thing to have on your system anyway.
But it has a very robust plugin ecosystem including I think the best FGP software fire FGP which is
an add on for Firefox.
So yes and then click install that will then download Firefox and install it on your machine.
And there we go.
I would probably go for they don't import anything just to keep things simple and then click next.
And here we go.
So Firefox is now set up.
I'm not going to set it as my default browser.
And you're welcome to create a Firefox account but I'm going to leave that out for now.
But I'm going to dig.
Is click the three bars over here to get the menu and then click add ons.
And I'm going to add the five FCP add on by searching in the box at the top right for fire FTB.
And there it is top of the list that fire FGP just click install that will then install it as an addon
within Firefox so you'll need to open Firefox to access fire FTB we go.
Now we need to restart Firefox to install the fire A.P. ad on that we're going that's now Adam and if
we click in the my add ons box there you can see that fire FGP has now been added for us.
One thing I want to do before we actually use fire FTB is added to our bookmarks bar up here.
So just right click on the toolbar and scroll down to customize and then you'll see the fire T.P. icon
there as an option to add to the toolbar so just drag it and add it wherever you like or just pop it
right there.
And then the big green exit Customize button.
Fantastic.
Now you'll be able to click the fire button to get your file FGP page open.
And this is it.
This is what fire FGP looks like on the left hand side.
We've got files on your local machine and on the right hand side at the moment it's blank.
But when we connect to our server we'll see all the files on the server and we'll be able to edit and
upload to them.
So on my machine I want to have my desktop open again and I want to create an account.
I just going to click Create an account and and in order to have an FPP account I need to know the details
and I can get those in the control panel for my hosting package.
So we noted those down here.
Here we go that and the FTB details and I'll copy the user name.
First of all I just copy that and use Control-C to copy it to the clipboard it's just the domain name.
And then I'm going to switch back to a Firefox and the login is just the domain name.
And I'm going to add that for the account name as well so that I can refer to it in 550 page and click
here to show next to the password.
Select that's Control-C to copy and pasted into the password.
And finally we're going to use the FTB server FTB dot stack C.P dot com.
You can use the IP server but only if you purchase the domain name
under-vote and click OK.
One more thing we need to do before we can connect is we'll need to unlock FGP.
Now whether I sting has a security feature whereby FTB locks automatically after a certain amount of
time and that means that someone can't access your files even if they managed to track down your password
somehow.
So I'm going to unlock FGP for just an hour.
Obviously the longer you unlock it for the more risky it is but the more convenient it is.
So it's a balance between the two that are going to unlock.
You will need to be unlocked before you try and connect.
Otherwise it won't work.
All right.
Now back over to fire FCPA.
Keep your fingers crossed and then we'll click connect and there we go.
So we're now connected and you can see the folder that we're now reasonably familiar with public HCO
mail and also the cgi bin the way ignoring for the moment as well.
So just double click public HGL and you can see we've got our index HGL file right there.
So one of the things you may have noticed when we opened up our Hello World page was that the picture
didn't work and that's because the picture file isn't actually there on the server.
We only had it on our own computer.
So what I can do is take the duct tape file from my computer and click the arrow to the right there
and upload it to my server.
Now stop JPAC will be on the server.
So if I go back over to crime and refresh the page by pressing F5.
And we now get the Dutch JPEG file appearing.
So that's how easy it is to use my FGP to upload files to our server.
We can download files as well if we want to using the the error.
But the real great feature of fire FGP is that it allows you to edit files right there on the server.
And that's what I want to show you have to do now.
But before we can do it we'll need to make sure that the file that we want to edit actually opens up
in our notepad plus plus or which ever text editor you're using at the moment you can see we've got
a little e Internet Explorer or edge browser.
So at the moment if I try and open that it's going to open in the browser which is not what I want.
So I'm going to go to my desktop and find any HDMI file.
So I've got a file here web page to.
Him.
You should have a bunch of files in your complete web developer course folder many of which will be
dot HD AML files so it doesn't matter which one find any DML file right click on it and then click open
with and then go down and choose another app.
And this is the point at which we are going to choose the app to open our HMO file and you may see your
browser in that list.
I don't in this case so I'm going to click more apps and then we've got Notepad is no good.
Still I haven't found no paragraph Plus I look for another app on this PC notepad plus plus which is
in if you've installed in the default location C. drive and then Program Files Exide 6 notepad plus
plus And then my pet plus plus and there it is.
So now we can click.
Always use this app to open HDMI files select notepad plus plus and click OK and what we've done there
is with associated notepad plus plus with all H.A. files on a machine.
So now if I go back see Firefox and fire FTB and right click on indexed or AGM L and then open it will
open in the full program which will be notepad plus plus you can see where it is right there.
And the great thing here is that we can edit our index DML file right here.
No purpose plus and any changes that we make will be saved automatically.
On the server.
So if I want to remove this period the end of that sentence for some reason and if I do that and then
save that save will be communicated to the server straight away and then if I refresh the page again
you can see the full stop is gone.
So that means that we can edit our files right there on the server using Notepad plus plus immediately
which is a really handy thing to be able to do.
So that's the set up for fire F-Type.
Remember when you start editing any other type of file like a dot CSSA file or later on in the course
ADOT BHP file.
You'll need to go through the process of setting those files to open with notepad plus plus in your
Windows machine.
And the prices will be exactly the same as what we've just done here.
OK that's it.
So now you can upload your own Hello World page to your own web hosting package.
Mike if you edits and see those changes happen immediately on line and use that you are able to share
the page with me and your friends and family.
Congratulate yourself on making a great website and let's move on and learn a bit of CSSA.